or put operation with the new data placed
Let's create a post operation within the product
a product end point.
Within that path we're simply going to add
a new operation of type post.
Inside the post operation we can add
a description so that API consumers
can understand when to use this operation.
So we can say, "Add a product to the catalog,"
and that's what we will use this operation for.
And the next thing we'll do is describe
the request body for this operation.
So we're going to describe the data
that the API client must send in order
to create a new product.
It's very similar to some of the definition
that we saw within the responses object.
We have the content object once again
and then we supply the media type of the data
being provided, in this case we're using JSON,
and then we're going to specify the schema object.
And then we're able to tell our API consumers
that we would like them to provide
a single object, and then we define
the properties of that object.
Now, we're just going to copy the properties
from our previous product object that we defined.
And what we can do is put that in place
within our API definition.
And we'll need to do a little bit of indenting.
And at this point we have specified
our request body so our API clients know
the data to provide to us but we haven't
described a response at this point.
So the responses are in line with the request body.
You can use the helpful lines within the editor
to better understand where these objects go
within your YAML file.
And then inside of the response we can provide
the HTTP status code of 200.
So on a successful response we're going to return
a 200 and we'll just say, "The product has been created."
And at this point we've satisfied all
of the requirements of the OAS specification
and you can see on our API documentation
we now have a product end point
that is accessible via a post operation
and we define the request body that an API
client would need to provide in order
to create a new product in the H Plus Sport catalog.